Hello and welcome to this art Tauriel today we're going to implement the K nearest neighbors classifier
on our.
So let's start right now.
The first thing we're going to do is to set to work directory.
So right now I'm on my desktop we're going to go to machine learning a folder Part 3 classification
and then S.K. nearest neighbors.
All right that's the full Do we want to set as working directory make sure that you have this social
network and see as you file.
And if that's the case you're ready to click on this more button here to set the folder as a working
directory.
Here we go.
That's done.
And now we're going to use our classification template to be efficient and generate all the results
in a flashlight.
So I'm going to select everything from here to the top.
There you go copy and paste it here.
Right.
And now we need to change a very few things.
First we need to create the classify here and we just need to change the titles of our plots in the
trainings that results in the test results.
Let's do this right now so that we don't forget.
I'm going to reply because you by.
So it's OK.
And so we're just doing this to specify the algorithm that we're planning and here as well classifier
is replaced by K and then right.
And now what we only need to do is to create our classifier.
But first let's select and execute the preprocessing steps.
So I just need to track everything from here and then press command control to plus that plus enter
to execute that's done.
All right so we have our data set.
We can have a look.
That's our data set.
Our training set and our test set which are well scaled.
Okay.
So as a reminder the data set contains information about users in the Social Network The Social Network
has a business client which is a car company that puts ads on the social network and the social network
gathered not only eatings formations like the age and the estimated salary of those users but also to
get the answer.
The response to these users to the ad that is zero if the user didn't buy the product the car and one
if the user bought the product.
So you know it's a very cool luxury SUV launched at a ridiculously low price.
So a lot of people when they saw the ad said let's do this let's get the car and we can see there a
lot of buyers.
So yeah as you can see it must be a very cool car and cheap.
So now let's go back to KNM and creates our classifier.
So the classifiers AK and then gasifier and to create this we are going to first import the right library
we need a library for this which is by the way called class.
So let's do this.
So if by any chance the class library is not in your packages list you need to install it using this
command install that packages and in parenthesis and in quotes the name of the class which is class
.
But I think you might have it by default so but if that's not the case please write this command with
class inside then execute and it will install it.
But so here we're just going to write a library and invented this class that selects automatically that
class.
You see that right now the class package is not selected.
And once this is executed it will select it automatically.
All right.
And now now we're going to do something a little different because usually you know we create or classify
here and then we create this vector of prediction y spread using this predict function that we apply
on our classifier and our new observations in a test set.
But here it's like we're going to do these two steps all at once because we are going to directly.
We're actually going to remove this line and we are actually going to replace discomfiting K and the
training sets and predicting
the test set results because all of the ones we're going to fit into our training set and predicts if
the users of our test set by yes or no.
Yes.
So you're going to understand why we're going to directly create our vector of prediction y create here
.
And then you know before we had to classify your equals then the as V.M. or logistic regression here
it's going to be directly ype radicals.
And because actually this k n n function here will return the predictions of the tests and observations
.
OK so now let's have a look at this K and then function and you'll get it.
So press 1 ok so can your neighbor classification Let's first input the arguments.
The first argument is train.
So you can guess that by train they mean the training sets.
So here we need to specify what the training set is.
And actually since we call it trainset it's trains and so trains that here all right turn set.
However the training set as you can see contains the independent variables and the dependent variable
.
And we only need to take the independent variables.
We want to include the dependent variable in the Cain function here.
So here we need to take only the first two columns.
So we're going to add a bracket here and then come up because on the left of this come all the lines
that I'm taking all the observations and not the right of this come up is the columns I want to include
in the training set.
So it's all the columns except for the last one.
So I'm going to put here minus three which means I'm removing the last column of my training center
.
All right.
So that's done that's what we had to import pre-trained here.
So train is your training set but without the dependent variable then come and then let's add the second
argument.
So the second argument is test.
So you can guess what it is it's going to be the same test equals test set of course.
Right.
Test sets and then same training said we're going to remove the dependent Roybal because way we are
supposed not to know the results we want to predict the observations of the tests.
So anyway we need to remove it.
So come on to take all the lines and minus three to remove the last column.
OK so we have our trending set and our test set.
And now what is the next parameter.
OK the next parameter is C L factor of true classifications of turning sets.
So can you guess what it's going to be.
OK let's see.
C L equals in your opinion what is it going to be.
Well you know to train a classifier the class really needs to have OK the independent variables but
it also needs to have that dependent variable because it needs to have the results to you know find
the correlations between the information of the independent variables and the information contained
in the dependent variable.
So here since we only have the info about the independent variables we also need to include somewhere
the info of the dependent variable and that's what we had here.
That's the C-L So factor of true classifications of trends.
There is the categorical dependent variable.
So let's do this so to take this vector actually.
So as you can see that's the last column of the training set.
So it's going to be trainset taking all the lines all the observations and then the one to three.
So the third index of the column per chased.
So let's take that trainset
brackets come up and then three because the column we want is indexed by three.
All right so that's the third argument and then we have one more argument which is the number of neighbors
.
So let's add this one.
So remember in Bison We took five neighbors.
That's actually the default parameter.
So here we're going to take the same that will allow us to compare the results we obtained on Python
and our.
So it will be interesting.
So let's say K equals 5 neighbors.
All right.
Now we have everything we need.
We can select this.
And here is why read all good.
So now let's have a look at white bread.
We can have a look here why KRAD and pressing why put it in the console and press enter to have a look
at it.
And here all the predictions for the test.
So remember the test it contains 100 observations.
Here we have a hundred predictions corresponding to the same observations as these guys here.
So for example let's take the first observation to the first users.
So let's take the one two three four five.
So the five first users these five first users didn't buy this in reality because the per chaced variable
equals zero here and that's the truth.
That's what actually happens in reality.
And what does our predictions say 1 2 3 4 5 5 0 here so correct predictions for the 5 for us users.
Okay perfect.
Then then we have 4 once the the 6 7 8 and 9 users actually but yes.
So great for the 6 1 7 1 grades correct prediction 81 correct prediction as well.
But the classify you made a little mistake here that's fine.
It looks like it's making some correct prediction most of the time and we are going to check that on
the confusion matrix.
That will be faster.
Was just to you know understand to explain what white print was.
But I think you get it.
So here we just it is like this and executes here C.M. we can have a look at it in the console see and
that's the predictions.
OK.
So we have six plus five incorrect predictions that say 11 and predictions.
So that's not too bad.
And now what we are most interested to see is the prediction regions how they behave and especially
the prediction boundary to see if it's going to be a straight line or something else.
And actually you're going to see that the K and then is a non-linear classifiers So we will get something
different than what we got for logistic regression.
So I know it's supposed to be a template that work for every classifier but the Canon and classifier
will be the only classify we will need to change something in the template besides the title I mean
.
And that's because of this structure we change here you know for all the classify as we had this first
section where we create or classify there you know classify equals and then we create or classify with
the function.
And then in another section we create a widespread using the classifier we build in the section above
.
But here since we do that here since we did both at the same time we just need to change some little
thing here in the template.
So can you.
Can you guess what it is.
OK so it's it's actually in this slide because as you can see here we are using to predict function
on our classifier.
But here since we didn't create a classifier separately from the vector of prediction of white.
Well that means that this product class very doesn't mean anything here.
So actually it's really simple what we want to do is to replace this predictive classify a new data
set by this code here because this is actually like to predict function needs creating the classifier
and making the predictions at the same time so there is not to predict function here.
So it's very simple where we only need to do is to take this Kamensky.
And here you know since it's all the predictions of the big points in the grid we will need to change
this.
New data equals test set so this testicles set by grid set.
So basically it will be very simple we will remove this predict function here and paste that.
And here we're just going to replace test set by grid set because we want to predict if those imaginary
pixel point that we picture as imaginary users of the social network will buy yes or no the SUV according
to their coordinates and the graph that is their age and their estimated salary.
And then once the prediction is done it will be colorized in the proper color green.
If this imaginary user pixel point is predicted to buy the SUV and red if it's predicted not to buy
.
And that's it that's all we need.
So we're going to select this as well and paste it here to do the same for the test.
Of course it's the same.
And here we go.
And then we were all good to plot the results.
So let's do this we're going to select this and let's see what we obtain.
Command and control plus entity executes the graph.
The plot is coming.
You're going to see how the I can manage is to classify the two classes of users those who didn't buy
the SUV and those who bought it.
And here we go.
That's a graph that's the prediction boundary here.
So you can see there are a lot of irregularities but that's because of the way the K and model works
because it's taking each time the five nearest neighbors that's all the prediction boundary.
These are two prediction regions.
The red one the green one of these points here the real observation points are real users of the data
set and their real results for the day.
But yes if it's green and no they don't buy that it's red.
So we can see that most of our predictions are correct because all the red points are in the red region
and most of the green points are in the green region.
We also see that the Canan classify it makes a much better job at classifying those uses here that their
logistic regression can classify correctly because it was a straight line and some green points were
falling on the red region.
So here is a much better job.
And all those users with an age about the average and in Estimate salary below the average are well
classified in a green region.
So very good.
Very good.
But let's not scream victory until we find out about the results on the test set because since this
is a training set and the cane and transfer was built on a training said we might get different results
from that set.
So let's see.
We're going to select this the test set results are ready to execute.
And these are great results.
Most of the red points are in the red region most of the green points are in the green region and of
course we had a few incorrect predictions like these two guys here.
These two guys here.
Here it looks very good.
And we have made nice prediction regions.
OK.
So that's it for this tutorial.
I hope you enjoy discovering this new type of class very.
We are going to discover new kinds of classifiers in the next sections.
I can't wait to show you this.
And until then enjoy machine learning.